fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/kubernetes-operator/workload-security.mdx

---

> title: 'Workload Security — wasmCloud on Kubernetes'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Workload Security — wasmCloud on Kubernetes'
sidebar_label: 'Workload Security'
```

> ---
> title: 'Workload Security — wasmCloud on Kubernetes'
> description: 'Security model and controls for wasmCloud WebAssembly components on Kubernetes — sandboxed bytecode, capability-based isolation, and policy enforcement.'
> ---
> 
> wasmCloud workload security operates in two complementary layers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Workload Security — wasmCloud on Kubernetes'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'Workload Security'
description: 'Security model and controls for wasmCloud WebAssembly components on Kubernetes — sandboxed bytecode, capability-based isolation, and policy enforcement.'
---

# Workload Security

wasmCloud workload security operates in two complementary layers:
```
